Hi there. In this video we are going
to look at the find command which is
used to find files inside a file system.
So, it's actually really powerful if you were
like, why did I know that file exists
somewhere, so I'd better actually look for it.
Here's how it works, it's a little bit
strange the way it works, but what you
do is you type find and then you
type the directory you're in and if you
happen to wanna search from your current directory,
you just type a period because that stands
for the current directory. Then you type dash
name if you're searching for a name. And
then in quotation marks, put the, file you're
looking for. So hello dot c for instance.
Right? And if we type that, then, it
should find all the instances of hello.c in
my file system from the current directory. So
in this case, there's a hello. C and
assign zero, assign one and assign five. So
you can do that and that makes it
pretty easy to do. You can also do
find dot dash name and then wildcards. These
are a little bit different than the gref
wildcards but this, the asterisk basically means find,
any match and then period c will be
any dot c file and it would find
all those files and there are plenty of
them inside my folder here. Okay, so that's
how find works. It's relatively straightforward. Can instead
of dot you can put any directory, know,
you can search slash AFS slash IR slash
class slash CS 107 etcetera and then start
finding all the dot c files there. Okay,
some of this stuff you probably don't have
access to because it's in staff, but you
can do that, you can also search for
directories too. So let's find all the directories,
dot dash name dash, I think it's type
equals d for directory, I believe that's right.
Actually, we're gonna need dot name and dash
name for just finding all the directories. I
think that's it right there, maybe it's not.
Type, let's see, dash type, let's see, doesn't
actually seem to, I think maybe we do
it this way, dash type d like that,
There we go. That'll find all the different
folders that we have, directories in this current
folder. So what if we wanna find, we
can still do dot dash name and assign
for instance, assign star let's say and this
will find all the directories that start with
assign star. If I happen to have files
that start with assign star it would ignore
those. So, find is a very, interesting command.
If you want to do some other command
on each file, you can also do that
with a command called exe c, which is
a flag. Like it would be something like
this, dash name, assign star, dash type d
and then dash e x e c and
it takes a little bit of time to
get used to how e x e c
works but it actually runs a particular command
that you want like let's do an l
s on all those directories and then you
have to put weird brackets like this and
some other weird incantations but it will actually
list for you all of the it will
actually run that command, the l s command
in this case, on all of the matches
that it found. So that's how this this
actually works. Okay. That's the find command. Thanks.